chore: added faqs (#39)
spicetify/spicetify-docs: docs/faq.md

spicetify --help config
```

> ## My Spotify is blank!

Author: Thats not really a question as per the meaning of faq

> ## My Spotify is blank!

Reviewer: I'm just after better SEO. If people find this more easily using search, the better!

2. If this is the case; go ahead and do a FRESH install of Spicetify + Spotify.
3. If the version of Spotify inside of your `config-xpui.ini` does not correspond with what is actually installed, this could mean your config is out of sync. Delete your config file and run `spicetify` in a new terminal instance. If it’s still reflecting an incorrect entry, delete your "prefs" files inside of `C:\Users\YOUR_USERNAME\AppData\Roaming\Spotify\prefs`.
4. Some themes have had histories of deleting the main view of Spotify by accident, make sure to troubleshoot across multiple themes and extensions.

### GNU/Linux + MacOS

1. Spicetify has a history of incompatibility with Spotify on GNU/Linux, start off by assuring you are not using snap's version of Spotify.
2. It’s possible the regex is broken for the latest versions of Spicetify, unfortunately there is no fix for this, and you'll instead have to downgrade Spotify and Spicetify to ensure they work together.
3. Ask around in the Spicetify discord server, there are lots of active GNU/Linux and macOS users ready to give you pointers.

> ## Cannot use term "Spicetify" in my terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The term is not recognized / Command not found
```

Reviewer: Feels a bit informal way of presenting this. Also the suggested change has better SEO.

> ### Universal

Author: Im a bit confused on the problem with the use of universal here?

> ### Universal

Reviewer: If it is universal, you don't need to say anything 🤷‍♂️ Unnecessary extra text imo.

> 1. This is almost always an issue with your $path on GNU/Linux and mac, or your PATH on Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. This is almost always an issue with your PATH, the environment variable that saves the directories of the executable programs in your OS.
```

#### *Thanks to Spotify loving the ricing/modding community, in later versions of Spotify they have decided to REMOVE debugging tools such as inspect element. However remote debugging can bypass this limitation*.

### Windows

1. Start by finding your preferred Spotify shortcut. Right click this shortcut and enter properties, inside of the "target" text box, at the very end of the path, add a space and type in "--remote-debugging-port=9222". Apply and close.
2. Navigate to Google Chrome and in the address tab type "chrome://inspect", click on the box that says 
"port forwarding". In the new menu there will be a table of values, on a new line, in the first box input the port "9222" and the second box "localhost:9222", leave port forwarding DISABLED and press done.
3. After that providing you have Spotify open; you should see it in the list of connected targets. Press the inspect button and voila!

### GNU/Linux + MacOS
1. Locate your Spicetify config using the command `spicetify config-dir` and enter `spotify_launch_flags = --remote-debugging-port=9222`
2. Open google chrome and go to "chrome://inspect" and Spotify should pop up, from there press inspect.

> 3. If Spotify does not pop up click on the box that says, "port forwarding". In the new menu there will be a table of values, on a new line, in the first box input the port "9222" and the second box "localhost:9222", leave port forwarding DISABLED and press done.

Author: Again its a very frequently asked question especially in the discord server

> 3. If Spotify does not pop up click on the box that says, "port forwarding". In the new menu there will be a table of values, on a new line, in the first box input the port "9222" and the second box "localhost:9222", leave port forwarding DISABLED and press done.

Reviewer: Yes, because it is not anywhere... 😅 If we add it to the docs then people won't need to ask as much! Just because it is a FAQ doesn't mean that it belongs under FAQ, you feel me? ahaha

> 3. If Spotify does not pop up click on the box that says, "port forwarding". In the new menu there will be a table of values, on a new line, in the first box input the port "9222" and the second box "localhost:9222", leave port forwarding DISABLED and press done.

Author: Moved

## How do I uninstall Spicetify?

### Windows

1. Ensure you have no running Spotify or Spicetify processes.
2. Open a terminal of your choice (Command Prompt is recommended) with administrator permissions and type `spicetify restore` to ensure that nothing is leftover in your Spotify installation.
3. Type each command 1 after another ensuring they are executed correctly; `cd %userprofile%`, `rmdir .spicetify\ /S`, `rmdir spicetify-cli\ /S`.

> 4. Lastly in your start menu search bar type the word "environment" an application should appear that says, "edit environment variables for your account" once opened double click on the "path" header, select path "C:\Users\!!USERNAME!!\spicetify-cli" and press the delete button. make sure to press okay in both windows and not cancel.

Author: Too much effort you are welcome to do it yourself
